Replace life cycle with lifecycle for consistency (#2633)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-lifecycle-environment-or-content-view-of-a-host-collection.adoc

> [id="Changing_the_Life_Cycle_Environment_or_Content_View_of_a_Host_Collection_{context}"]
> = Changing the Life Cycle Environment or Content View of a Host Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Changing_the_Lifecycle_Environment_or_Content_View_of_a_Host_Collection_{context}"]
= Changing the Lifecycle Environment or Content View of a Host Collection
```
